docs: `SHOW FLOW` & `FLOWS` table info (#1079)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/nightly/en/reference/sql/information-schema/flows.md

# FLOWS

> The Flows table provide the flow task's information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `Flows` table provides the flow task information.
```

```sql
public=> DESC TABLE INFORMATION_SCHEMA.FLOWS;
      Column      |  Type  | Key | Null | Default | Semantic Type 
------------------+--------+-----+------+---------+---------------
 flow_name        | String |     | NO   |         | FIELD
 flow_id          | UInt32 |     | NO   |         | FIELD
 table_catalog    | String |     | NO   |         | FIELD
 flow_definition  | String |     | NO   |         | FIELD
 comment          | String |     | YES  |         | FIELD
 expire_after     | Int64  |     | YES  |         | FIELD
 source_table_ids | String |     | YES  |         | FIELD
 sink_table_name  | String |     | NO   |         | FIELD
 flownode_ids     | String |     | YES  |         | FIELD
 options          | String |     | YES  |         | FIELD
(10 rows)

> ```

Reviewer: ```sql
public=> DESC TABLE INFORMATION_SCHEMA.FLOWS;
```

```sql
      Column      |  Type  | Key | Null | Default | Semantic Type 
------------------+--------+-----+------+---------+---------------
 flow_name        | String |     | NO   |         | FIELD
 flow_id          | UInt32 |     | NO   |         | FIELD
 table_catalog    | String |     | NO   |         | FIELD
 flow_definition  | String |     | NO   |         | FIELD
 comment          | String |     | YES  |         | FIELD
 expire_after     | Int64  |     | YES  |         | FIELD
 source_table_ids | String |     | YES  |         | FIELD
 sink_table_name  | String |     | NO   |         | FIELD
 flownode_ids     | String |     | YES  |         | FIELD
 options          | String |     | YES  |         | FIELD
(10 rows)
```

The columns in table:

* `flow_name`: the flow task's name.
* `flow_id`: the flow task's id.
* `table_catalog`: the catalog this flow belongs to, named as `table_catalog` to keep consistent with the `INFORMATION_SCHEMA` standard.

> * `flow_definition`: the flow task's definition. It's the SQL statement that were used to creates the flow task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `flow_definition`: the flow task's definition. It's the SQL statement used to create the flow task.
```
